Li Jiaren's defector
I haven't asked you yet
You asked us first
Believe it or not, I won't let you get out of this Jinshan Town
Enough, the Li family is a normal interview
And it's not Wu Tian who explained to me
Let's get back to you
If the explanation is not clear
Just waiting to get drunk
Which crime did I commit and invite you to eat?
I'll tell you what.
You kill people
Robbing people of talent
In the calamity grain, ginseng kills grass and traitors
You will kill you
These things don't exist.
Mayor Wu put sand in the porridge
But I saw it with my own eyes
You question this official
No, aren't you articulate?
I said it, Zhan Guan
Put sand in the grain
It's not for carelessness
But to stop the great sword
Otherwise
Then there is no food at all now
Nonsense
Sir, since he has already explained
I'll save you from the Fa
You scare people, you treat people against your rules
It is a heinous crime for you to read me
I am a theorist
It should be your brother Politics and Law
Okay, stop arguing
Wu Tian, although you have your own reasons
Penalty or less?
No sir can't disturb him
Wu Tian took advantage of natural disasters to amass wealth
Oppressed many people
It's a terrible crime.
Li Jiaren, you keep saying that I oppress the people
Have you had any evidence?
Of course I have proof
When I Li Jiang was there
The common people are prosperous
You go everywhere.
The common people are blown up by you
We just need to go to other people to see and we'll know everything.